** Unfortunately, at the time of submitting p3_beta, we do not have access to either account.
As soon as we regain access, we'll publish this devblog, but in the meantime we have included
our responses in this document. **


This week, our primary focus was on making our game seem more professional, along with adding
a few final mechanics we wanted to test out before focusing on our final sprint. Perhaps the
biggest change players will notice is the addition of cutscenes that introduce the story
(namely, our dog was taken from us and we are fighting to rescue him). We now also have
custom scene transitions which contain varying sound effects, some basic animations, and
theme cohesion. Some minor changes that were made to boost professionalism include adding
sound effects (e.g., "oomfs" when the guards get shot, a bark when the dog is rescued, 
footsteps, and more), two background tracks that convey different emotions, new sprites, 
entrances for the player to follow up to the map, producing a trailer, and changing our
game's title to "The Retriever". 

As far as new mechanics, we introduced a timer that upon reaching zero spawns backup thus
creating a sense of urgency and a workbench where players can upgrade their weapons' damage,
fire rate, and upgrade decay cooldown, and a system where the dog follows the player and can be detected by guards. Finally, we tweaked the gun upgrade bar so that it upgrades automatically
and is able to convey the relevant information quicker, and also reworked the difficulty of
our maps to reflect the new effectivity of stealth. 

We made these changes mainly with cohesion and professionalism in mind. We wanted a game
that presented an immersive storyline with natural progression and a satisfying conclusion.
As of right now, our project is headed towards more levels, greater cohesion/polish, and
potentially even a final boss (Mr. Evil himself!). 

With this in mind, we look forward to our final week of iterations. We expect our efforts to 
be concentrated mainly on the aforementioned cohesion, which will look like adding new
levels/maps for players to explore, a smoother gameplay flow that makes logical sense
given our game's story, more polish for newly implemented features, and overall juice
to make the game's characters feel alive. Since we are on a time constraint, we will
also have to evaluate mechanics on an individual scale, and make the final decision
on whether we believe it to be worth keeping or not. There are a lot of decisions to be
made, and we're excited to have a final product to share very soon!