1) One thing we struggled with during our last milestone was player guidance. We had a lot
of features that weren't introduced such as the lights system, which made 
it difficult for some players to engage with all of them in a natural way (i.e., without us
backseat gaming for them). We decided to begin to address this by adding a "tutorial" heist
before the main one. We wanted the relevant information to be relayed to the player in a way
that didn't feel forced, so we re-used our original map and tried to make the objectives
clear by highlighting them with a pre-gameplay cutscene. This, in conjunction with some on-
screen directions, allows players to learn how to play our game without having to sit down
and read a manual for an entire car ride.

2) We iterated on our guards quite a bit as well. One major change is that guards can now open doors- previously they couldn't, which trivialized the gameplay quite a bit. They are also
listening for the sounds of gunshots now too, and we included a way for players to see that
and understand those interactions. Some minor changes include a stagger effect when a guard
gets shot (since no guard that just got shot would be able to immediately whip out their
gun to retaliate), a detection meter that makes it so players aren't immediately chased after,
and improved roaming among others. 

3) Our p3_milestone did include driving, but it was barely playable and not at all enjoyable
for the player. This week, we spent time changing the core mechanic from a pitting-based to
instead be roadblock-based with police cars launching spikes along the player's path to stop 
them based on a heat index (more shooting -> more obstacles). We also incorporated the segment of gameplay more naturally into the game loop by having the player teleport to a mocked bank exterior, making the transition from heist to getaway feel cleaner than walking into a parking lot where the bank interior can still be seen (and driven into).

4) During this week's playtest, we were asking players what they thought about player movement,
and across the board there was interest in some kind of sprint mechanic. We agreed that player
movement needed to have more options, but we decided to make it so that sprinting generated
noise that alerts guards, giving players the choice between being silent/slow and loud/fast.

5) The UI was iterated on in the form of moving the visual weapon-related information from a
static location across the bottom to the dynamic crosshairs. This makes it so players are 
just about always looking at the information they need most, and also frees up the edges
to make the game feel less cramped. We also updated our main menu screen, added a map feature
via "M" (although we feel it isn't as useful anymore given the initial cutscene). That brings
up the feedback that we could benefit from a planning phase, a common part of heist movies,
and our first attempt at resolving that issue was to include said brief cutscene. We felt
that this provided enough information to our player while still making the game somewhat
difficult. That, in conjunction with the map, provides our player with enough information to
guide them through the level without making robbing a bank feel like a walk in the park.